MAINT: remove broken parallel cparser (#16103)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/io.ascii/16103.api.rst

> The broken parallel parser for reading ascii files is removed, it has
> been using the serial parser as a fallback since astropy v4.0.4.
> The ``parallel`` key in the ``fast_reader`` argument for reading
> ascii should not be used anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parallel fast-reader parser for reading ASCII files has been removed.
Since astropy v4.0.4 requesting this option has issued a warning that
this option is broken and that the serial parser will be used.
The ``parallel`` key in the ``fast_reader`` argument for reading
ASCII tables is no longer available.
```
